---json
{"author":"@topghost","date":"Git created","title":"We are always using RSS again","timestamp":1727973702305,"tags":[],"layout":"layouts/post.njk"}
---
via [natalie](https://nex-3.com/blog/ive-been-surprised-how/), in reply to me:

&#x3E; I&#x27;ve been surprised how many people I&#x27;ve seen posting about how they&#x27;re using RSS again. I guess even when talking about &#x22;the heyday of RSS&#x22; I was assuming that it was mostly more people joining and not using it than people stopping that caused its decline. I for one have been using RSS pretty much daily since the early 00s.

I would say I fall off of daily RSS reading and then hop back on something like 3-4 times a year and have been since Google Reader died in 2013. It didn&#x2019;t help that most of the people I knew personally stopped blogging (tho I&#x2019;m also LARGELY guilty of that&#x2014; I have been in the 3-to-4 posts a year camp on my primary self-hosted blog) and so my RSS feeds are mostly journalism, news, some weird accumulated tumblr pages, the random people I follow but don&#x2019;t know who HAVE been blogging faithfully all this time, and (as the newsletter rebirth exploded and Feedbin added support for them) all the email newsletters I&#x2019;m over-subscribed to. 

So I&#x2019;ve been a paid user of Feedbin since something like 2015? I love it, but I also like to do a lot of things in my life and am definitely overcommitted to work and hobbies and family/housekeeping. Things fall by the wayside and as Cohost became a decent way for me to feel &#x201C;aware&#x201D; of what was happening online I fell back into one of my periods of less RSS reading.

As Cohost was wrapping up I subscribed to almost every feed I saw people linking to, putting them in a new folder in Feedbin for just them. When I added the feed I put their Cohost username at the end in parentheses, but last night I realized that I wanted to flip it&#x2014; I put &#x60;@username&#x60; at the front and then put all their carefully considered blog titles in parentheses after that. That small change makes me feel a little bit closer to everyone, as silly as it sounds. (I don&#x2019;t consider this blog to have a &#x201C;title&#x201D; per se, btw&#x2014; I think topposts dot net is fine for now) 

PS I&#x2019;m hoping by the end of the weekend I&#x2019;ll have working h-entry post embeds like Natalie does!! It&#x2019;s so cool to see it working at the link at the top of the post and if you haven&#x2019;t checked out [her blog](https://nex-3.com/) overall you really should!
