---json
{"author":"@topghost","date":"Git created","title":"Patch 13.2.1: Flurbo is here?!","timestamp":1734081191899,"tags":["Orb Minders","Orb Minders: Weavecast","patch notes"],"layout":"layouts/post.njk"}
---
Jolly Jinglefest to everyone out there who&#x27;s still enjoying Orb Minders: Weavecast in its FOURTH YEAR! With the year winding down, but the Jinglefest season heating up, we&#x27;ve got one more announcement for the community this year that we think might just make your holidays a little more merry.

Patch 13.2.1 on Tuesday of COURSE features the bugfix that will allow us to FINALLY restore Rince the Skin-Flayer to the Mercenaries pool (when the Witching Hour remains unbanned by your warband, of course). We appreciate your patience while ol&#x27; Rinny has had to sit on the bench due to that exploit we all caught thanks to SneakyPete&#x27;s viral Twitch clip. But if the whole idea of a bugfix release is putting you to sleep... don&#x27;t check out just yet, because there may be a special little guy who&#x27;s tagging along for the ride!

Flurbo is purely cosmetic, adorably cuddly, and is ready to be your best pal. 

Flurbo grants NO ADVANTAGE in-game, is a purely optional purchase, and after you dismiss one shop notification about &#x22;new items&#x22;, we won&#x27;t ever nag you about its availability again.

Flurbo was hand-animated by longtime community member Kendall Price, who&#x27;s never done professional work in the industry before this moment. This addition to their resume represents the start of us paying back everything they&#x27;ve contributed up until this point purely for the love of the community. Thanks Kendall!

Flurbo is your friend. Its design was done under the supervision of a record seventeen sensitivity consultants.

Nothing can possibly go wrong with Flurbo&#x27;s launch, and we won&#x27;t allow you to ruin this for us.

Flurbo approaches. Do NOT resist Flurbo. 
